Landing Page Copy

Hero

More Rewards. Not More Rules. 
Bonus Rewards Card.
2,500 bonus rewards points after your first purchase
There's nothing to sign up for, nothing to choose, and no caps or limits on points you can earn.

CTA
Apply Now

Details section

•	25% bonus
on all points earned every month, automatically.
•	No Caps or Limits
on the points you can earn, plus you have five years to redeem points for rewards2
•	Chip-Enhanced Security
gives you the protection you need to feel confident wherever you make purchases.

Find out more about the Bonus Rewards Card

Rewards Program
•	Earn 1 point for every eligible net $1 you spend.
•	Get a 25% bonus on all points earned every month, automatically.
•	No caps or limits on the points you can earn, plus you have five years to redeem points for rewards2
•	2,500 bonus rewards points awarded after first purchase3, redeemable for $25 cash back, merchandise, gift cards or travel savings.
•	Redemption starts at 2,500 points for $25 cash back, or redeem 25,000 points for round-trip airfare up to $325.

Annual Fee
No Annual Fee
Purchase APR
After that, a variable APR, currently 13.24% to 24.24%.* See the Terms and Conditions for complete details.
Cardmember Benefits
Enjoy chip-enhanced acceptance and security plus a variety of important features, including zero fraud liability4 and auto rental collision damage waiver. See Consumer Card Features and Benefits for a complete listing of all card benefits.
Minimum Requirements
Applicant must be 18 years of age and have a U.S. address and Social Security number.

FAQ (simply repeat the text below a few times)

Earn 1 point for every eligible net $1 you spend.
Each month you will earn 1 point per net dollar spent on all your purchases. In addition, every month you will automatically receive a bonus equal to 25% of the total points you earned in that month from your net purchases. So, in total, you will earn 1.25 points for your net purchases, and you'll see the bonus portion of your monthly points total displayed separately in the rewards section of your monthly statement.